PLT-1279 : Move CDAP over to OpenTofu (#302)
CMSgov/ab2d-bcda-dpc-platform: terraform/README.md

## Version

> Note that the tofu version is set in [.opentofu-version](.opentofu-version). If you use [tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv) then the correct version of opentofu will be installed and used automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the tofu version is set in [.opentofu-version](.opentofu-version). If you use [tenv](https://github.com/tofuutils/tenv) then the correct version of opentofu will be installed and used automatically.
```
